Welcome to the 4th and
final course of the specialization.
This course is called Natural Language
Processing with Attention Models.
When you finish this course,
you have pretty much reached the cutting
edge of today's practical NLP methods.
You use a powerful technique called
attention to build several different
models.
Some of the things you build
using the attention mechanism,
you build a powerful
language translation model.
You also build an algorithm
capable of summarizing texts.
You build a model that can actually
answer questions about the piece of text,
and you build a chat bot that you can
actually have a conversation with.
With the skills you
develop in this course,
you'll be able to build state of the art
NLP applications just like the ones used
in many large companies
in the industry today.
I'm pleased to again welcome Lucas and
Eunice as your instructors for
this course.
I know both of them are really excited
to get into the materials with you.
Lucas told me the other day he finds
this course's topics very exciting.
Lucas, maybe you could say
a bit more about that.
>> Sure, thank you, Andrew.
Well, as you sign the first course,
the problem of sentiment
analysis is a really tricky one.
But in many applications you want to
determine the sentiment of a sentence, so
it's a really good problem
to work on as well.
>> Thanks, Lucas.
I still have very fond memories of
when I was leaving Google Brain, and
it's nice to see the great work
that the team continues to put out.
Eunice, what do you think?
What are the most exciting aspects of
this course from your perspective?
>> Well, Andrew,
there's a lot to be excited about.
For starters, the model that you'll build
in this course represent the active areas
of research at the cutting
edge of the field.
But beyond that,
when it comes to modern deep learning,
there's a sort of new normal,
which is to say,
most people aren't actually building and
training models from scratch.
Instead, it's more common to
download a pre-trained model and
then tweak it and find units for
your specific use case.
In this course, we show you how
to build the models from scratch,
but we also provide you custom pre-trained
models that we created just for you.
By training them continuously for weeks
on the most powerful TPU clusters that
are currently only available
to researchers as Google.
You will practice the workflow
that's used in the industry,
which is to fine tune state of
the art pre-trained models.
The tools you take away from this course,
you'll literally be able to build NLP
systems at the industry standard.
>> Thanks very much, Eunice and Lucas for
that introduction to this course.
This is a set of important materials
that the course will go over, so
let's get into it.
>> All right, let's get started.
>> Good luck!